W-15400135-hazelcast (#196)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-patch-updates.adoc

When an update is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The existing infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. Infrastructure and runtime updates might cause your applications to restart.

xref:cloudhub::vpn-maintenance.adoc[Anypoint VPNs] used in CloudHub 2.0 are upgraded continuously. Whenever a new update is available, the VPN is patched within the service-level agreement. If the Anypoint VPN is not set up as high availability or if the non-high-availability VPN is not set up with two tunnels, downtime is expected.

> === Recommendations when Deploying Stateful Mule Apps

Author: ```suggestion
=== Clustered Replicas and Rolling Updates
```

> When using Mule xref:ch2-clustering.adoc[clustering], a rolling update with a Mule runtime version that has a Hazelcast version change will generate a scenario when, at a certain point in time, the cluster will have more than one member with different Hazelcast versions. This may lead to application failure with a Hazelcast serialization error.

Author: ```suggestion
When using Mule xref:ch2-clustering.adoc[clustering], a rolling update with a Mule runtime version that has a Hazelcast version change will generate a scenario when, at a certain point in time, the cluster will have more than one member with different Hazelcast versions. This may lead to application failure with a Hazelcast serialization error if the Hazelcast versions are incompatible.

To prevent this kind of error, use the Recreate update strategy.
```

When an update is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The existing infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. Infrastructure and runtime updates might cause your applications to restart.

xref:cloudhub::vpn-maintenance.adoc[Anypoint VPNs] used in CloudHub 2.0 are upgraded continuously. Whenever a new update is available, the VPN is patched within the service-level agreement. If the Anypoint VPN is not set up as high availability or if the non-high-availability VPN is not set up with two tunnels, downtime is expected.

=== Clustered Replicas and Rolling Updates

> When using Mule xref:ch2-clustering.adoc[clustering], a rolling update with a Mule runtime version that has a Hazelcast version change will generate a scenario when, at a certain point in time, the cluster will have more than one member with different Hazelcast versions. This may lead to application failure with a Hazelcast serialization error if the Hazelcast versions are incompatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Mule in a xref:ch2-clustering.adoc[cluster], a rolling update with a Mule runtime version that has a Hazelcast version change can result in multiple members of the cluster with different Hazelcast versions.  This might cause application failure, with a Hazelcast serialization error, if the different Hazelcast versions are incompatible. 
```

> To prevent this kind of error, use the Recreate update strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this kind of error, use the re-create update strategy.
```

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore if Recreate update strategy is a thing.

Author: Allegedly it is A Thing™

== Opt-in Early Infrastructure Upgrades (Optional)

> You can opt-in to early infrastructure upgrades so that they are applied earlier than the scheduled patching process, between the Release Available and the Auto-Update dates stated in the xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[monthly updates table]. In this way, you can choose the time that better suits your organization's needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opt in to apply infrastructure upgrades earlier than the scheduled patching process, between the Release Available and the Auto-Update dates stated in the xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[monthly updates table]. This way, you can choose the time that better suits your organization's needs.
```
